fix(clerk-js): Add explicit text color to phone number combobox select option (#4176)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/wild-seals-beg.md

---
"@clerk/clerk-js": patch
---

> Add color to phone input select options to fix rendering within dark theme.

Author: ```suggestion
Add color to phone input select options to fix rendering within dark and shadesOfPurple themes.
```
